# Electrons on helium scripts

This repo contains scripts to simulate diffusion and mobility for electrons on helium using [my fork of HOOMD-Blue](https://github.com/kmoskovtsev/HOOMD-Blue-fork). 
Python files contain the HOOMD scripts, while `.sub` files contain the HPCC scripts to launch jobs on the [MSU cluster](https://wiki.hpcc.msu.edu/). 

All mobility calculations are handled by `IVarray.py` script. It can calculate mobility as a function of the modulation strength *A*, temperature *T*, or the commensurability parameter *p*. Use scripts `transport_A...`, `transport_T...`, and `transport_p...` for that. The script `transport_depin...` is used to calculate a single I-V curve. The data generated by these scripts is analyzed by `plotIV.py`.

The main script for diffusion calculations is `diffArray_p.py`. It calculates diffusion constants as a function of *Gamma* (or temperature) for a number of values of *p*. The data is then analyzed using `plotDiff_pG_parallel.py`.

There are two tools for structural analysis. Script `plotStructure.py` plots a pair correlation function, a structure factor, Delaunay triangulation, and an orientational correlation function for every `.gsd` file in a given folder. Another script `plotVoronoi.py` plots the Voronoi tessellation with color-coded cell areas for each *sample* data file in a given folder.




## Compilation and running scripts
To run the scripts, one would need HOOMD-Blue and GSD installed, and the following modules active (instruction for MSU HPCC):

`>module load GNU/4.9 CUDA/7.0 CMake/3.1.0 git/2.9.0 Python/2.7.2 NumPy/1.9.2 openblas/0.2.15`

and activate the Python environment `hoomd_env` (that should be created first):

`>source hoomd_env/bin/activate`


# License
Anyone is welcome to use these scripts. The formal license statement is included below.

Copyright (c) 2018 Kirill Moskovtsev

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
